Terminal Exercises

Part I:

1.  make a directory called first:
	mkdir first

2.  change directory to the first folder:
	cd first

3.  create a file called person.txt:
	touch person.txt

4.  change the name of person.txt to another.txt:
	mv person.txt another.txt

5.  make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt:
	cp another.txt copy.txt

6.  remove the copy.txt file:
	rm copy.txt

7.  make a copy of the first folder and call it second:
	cd .. > cp -r first second

8.  delete the second folder:
	rm -rf second

Part II:

1.  What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
	- D or Control ⌃-D to advance half a page - B or Control ⌃-B to go back one page - U or Control ⌃-U to go back half a page

2.  Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
	-a flag -do? The `-l` flag lists files in a list format with more detail and the `-a` lists all files and folders including hidden ones

3.  How do you jump between words in the terminal?
	option left/right

4.  How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
	control + e

5.  How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
	control + a

6.  How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
	option + delete

7.  What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
	The terminal is a program is just an interface to the shell. The shell is what actually handles commands and so forth; the terminal program just gives it a way to interact with the environment.

8.  What is an absolute path?
	An absolute path is a path that starts from the root route and gives the complete location for a file or folder

9.  What is an relative path?
	A relative path is a path that starts at the current location and not the root route

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
	A flag adds additional functionality to an existing command, we have seen -a and -l for the ls command and -r for the cp and rm commands

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
	r will remove folders and recursively go through each folder and file and f will force removal